what's up it's been sandy and today
we're going to learn a little Indian
step variation now there's a lot of
different variations to this step this
is just one of them so without further
ado let's get started alright so the
first thing guys even though is how to
do it ending sense looks like this if
you don't know how to do that I want you
guys to click right here and learn how
to do that first
and then you're gonna go on to the next
step alright so the first thing that we
need to understand is how to pivot with
our leg with the stick so I want you
guys to kick and you're going to bring
your leg back like this because kick and
back as you do that you're going to
pivot on the ball of your foot 50 on
your toes you're here and you go pivot
there you go kick pivot kick pivot kick
to the kick to the kicks as it kicks it
up kick pivot alright and basically get
that that coordination down in your leg
try on the other side kit pivot kick
pivot kick pivot kick pivot kick pivot
right you basically just want to be
comfortable with that motion right
pretty much all we're doing is adding
that to our inning set so it goes Indian
step step back kick pivot then go to the
other side in the in step and kick pivot
back down
Indian step step back kick pivot down
other side Indian step kick pivot yeah
so now that you guys understand the
basic motion of the step I'm going to
show you guys how to train it alright so
we're just going to focus on one side at
a time
so what I want you guys to do is go into
your position as if you just did any
step you're going to step back kick
pivot down go back kick pivot down again
kick pivot down kick pivot down kick
pivot down kick to the shout kick pivot
out kick to the shelf right keep doing
that until you're comfortable you know
you really want to have this real
precise motion you know if you're not
comfortable it'll it's going to end up
looking like kind of sloppy and
sometimes you'll often see people do
this
which which might be cool but you know
if it's not clean it's going to look
kind of sloppy right so make sure you
guys practice that get it clean and then
also practice it on the left side too
right so both sides that you guys are
doing on all right that's pretty much it
makes you guys train hard and then apply
it to dancing all right peace out
you